README.md, before:

# Green Pass PDF Wallet Android App
[![Android CI](https://github.com/michaeltroger/greenpass-android/actions/workflows/android.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/michaeltroger/greenpass-android/actions/workflows/android.yml) [![UI tests](https://github.com/michaeltroger/greenpass-android/actions/workflows/ui_tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/michaeltroger/greenpass-android/actions/workflows/ui_tests.yml) [![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/green-pass/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/green-pass)

Unofficial app that is fully open source. This app is a simple to use PDF Wallet.
That means it takes over the task to store and display your most important PDF certificates.
It includes a convenient fullscreen barcode rendering, if a QR code or an Aztec code is present in the PDF.

Help translating the app: https://crwd.in/green-pass

[<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/static/images/badges/en_badge_web_generic.png"
    alt="Get it on Google Play"
    height="80">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.michaeltroger.gruenerpass&pcampaignid=pcampaignidMKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1)
[<img src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png"
    alt="Get it on F-Droid"
    height="80">](https://f-droid.org/packages/com.michaeltroger.gruenerpass)

[<img src="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/devportal2/res/images/amazon-appstore-badge-english-black.png"
    alt="Available at Amazon Appstore" height="55">](http://www.amazon.com/gp/mas/dl/android?p=com.michaeltroger.gruenerpass)
[<img src="https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/cn/service/josp/csp/activity/img/Badge-Black.9d53c6f4.png"
    alt="Explore it on Huawei AppGallery" height="55">](https://appgallery.huawei.com/app/C108212859)

<img src="/fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1_en-US.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="/fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2_en-US.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="/fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/3_en-US.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="/fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/4_en-US.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="/fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/5_en-US.jpeg" width="200">

Demo Video:

[![Demo Video](http://img.youtube.com/vi/I9XmFXCobDE/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9XmFXCobDE "Video Title")

Author:
[Michael Troger](https://michaeltroger.com)

*Kudos to:*
- *[Sebastian Schmid](https://github.com/da5ebi) - for counseling in terms of UX*

Commit message:

Add PDF417 and data matrix support (#224)
* Add PDF417 and data matrix support

* Suppress magic number

README.md, after:

# Green Pass PDF Wallet Android App
[![Android CI](https://github.com/michaeltroger/greenpass-android/actions/workflows/android.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/michaeltroger/greenpass-android/actions/workflows/android.yml) [![UI tests](https://github.com/michaeltroger/greenpass-android/actions/workflows/ui_tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/michaeltroger/greenpass-android/actions/workflows/ui_tests.yml) [![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/green-pass/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/green-pass)

Unofficial app that is fully open source. This app is a simple to use PDF Wallet.
That means it takes over the task to store and display your most important PDF certificates.
It includes a convenient fullscreen barcode rendering, if a barcode is present in the PDF.
Currently supported formats are QR, Aztec, DataMatrix and PDF417.

Help translating the app: https://crwd.in/green-pass

[<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/static/images/badges/en_badge_web_generic.png"
    alt="Get it on Google Play"
    height="80">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.michaeltroger.gruenerpass&pcampaignid=pcampaignidMKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1)
[<img src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png"
    alt="Get it on F-Droid"
    height="80">](https://f-droid.org/packages/com.michaeltroger.gruenerpass)

[<img src="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/devportal2/res/images/amazon-appstore-badge-english-black.png"
    alt="Available at Amazon Appstore" height="55">](http://www.amazon.com/gp/mas/dl/android?p=com.michaeltroger.gruenerpass)
[<img src="https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/cn/service/josp/csp/activity/img/Badge-Black.9d53c6f4.png"
    alt="Explore it on Huawei AppGallery" height="55">](https://appgallery.huawei.com/app/C108212859)

<img src="/fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1_en-US.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="/fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2_en-US.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="/fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/3_en-US.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="/fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/4_en-US.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="/fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/5_en-US.jpeg" width="200">

Demo Video:

[![Demo Video](http://img.youtube.com/vi/I9XmFXCobDE/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9XmFXCobDE "Video Title")

Author:
[Michael Troger](https://michaeltroger.com)

*Kudos to:*
- *[Sebastian Schmid](https://github.com/da5ebi) - for counseling in terms of UX*
